ENT-9828 - added description of new ignoreTransactionLoadingFailures … (#1284)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/tools/ledgergraph/ledgergraph-index.md

## Configuration Parameters

You can tune **LedgerGraph**'s behaviour through the following configuration parameters:

 

### `transactionReaderPageSize`

**Default value:** 100

**Possible values:** 10 to 10000000

**Description:** The number of transactions to include in the result set when querying the database during graph initialization.|

> {{< note >}} Because there can be an extremely large number of transactions in a node's vault, it is important to select an appropriate page size for your database to optimize retrieval performance. Some amount of experimentation may be required on your part to find/define the best value to be used here, so we don't recommend the default value for most production environments. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} Because there can be an extremely large number of transactions in a node's vault, it is important to select an appropriate page size for your database to optimize retrieval performance. Some amount of experimentation may be required on your part to find/define the best value to be used here, so we do not recommend the default value for most production environments. {{</ note >}}
```

### `transactionReaderPoolSize`

**Default value:** 10

**Possible values:** 1 to 1000

> **Description:** The number of threads to use when deserializing transaction data during graph initialization.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** The number of threads to use when deserializing transaction data during graph initialization.
```
